# Getting Started
## Our Mission
Theaterpedia is a NGO. We're located in Europe and code an ambitious undertaking: To connect a whole lot of small, micro and medium actors in the field of 'Theaterpädagogik' (translates to 'drama / community theater / theater of the oppressed ...'). 

In Germany most of the actors in the field still don't have their own website. 
There's a lot of work to be done and as it seems not very much money. Maybe a common situation for a lot of projects of open source ... the work will be done anyhow! 

Obiously there are quite some options to plan for similar setups in the domain of cultural work and cultural networking. 
**If you're about to implement something of a similar scope, please drop us a line.**

:alert[Until beta-release (roughly estimated around july 2024) we publish and document our code because this is good practice and allows our partners to follow our work. After beta-release we may start supporting experimental projects outside of theaterpedia. It is unclear whether we will ever transform this project into a roduction-ready framework usable for other projects.]{type="warning"}

## Status of the DEV-DOCs
This documentation will only help those people who are willing to dive in the code. It is completely work-in-progress and assumes you have a good understanding of node-js-based implementation of web-frontends with nuxt 3.

To understand the theaterpedia-initiative you should first understand how we combine three code-repos:
[Here you find links and deeper descriptions of those Repos on Github](/introduction/repos)

For a beginning go and have a brief look at these folders/github-branches:
### theaterpedia-core
- packages/theme (github-branches courses/xx): main implementation of storefront-ui-based theme > running examples evolve in .playground
- packages/theme (github-branches episodes/xx): experimental work for daisyui-based logic > running examples evolve in .playground


### crearis-ui
MAIN GOAL: build a a variation of [Storefront-Ui](https://storefrontui.io) under [vue-component-library](https://github.com/theaterpedia/crearis-ui/tree/main/packages/sfui/frameworks/vue) 
- we will sligthly extend the colors/theming
- we will extend the typography for markdown-content-editing
- we build some new components that target markdown-content-editing


### theaterpedia-home
- branch: episodes
- branch: courses

