---
title: Usage
description: Learn how to write and customize your documentation.
---
# Repos

## Theaterpedia core
here we build the main layers that make up the core web-application. These layers can be combined and configured in different ways to allow for 4 implementations of the web-application:
- single-user webfrontend
- organisational webfrontend
- regio-portal that showcases a bunch of webfrontends
- search-engine to search and display the content of the whole system

The layers are implemented with nuxt:extends-syntax and architecture is inspired by the [Nuxt-Layers-Demo of Kruti Patel](https://krutiepatel.com/blog/nuxt-layers-unwrapped/).

### Subfolders, Apps and Packages

#### packages/base
Here we setup the basic configuraten of nuxt-content, nuxt-studio, markdown-parsing and nuxt-content-based deployment. Since we rely on Tailwind Typography for Markdown-Rendering, we import Tailwind already here.

#### packages/data
Here we addin data from odoo-instances (graphql-interface, nitro ...), setup caching, local storage, combine data from base with data from odoo-instances ...

#### packages/theme

#### apps/tp-template
In theaterpedia-core/apps/tp-template we prepare a basic implementation of the web-application. Intended usage is to serve as Github-Template.

In the current implementation setup and configuration of @nuxt/content module is done here (and not in the data- or theme-layer). This might change in future versions.

The shape of the template looks quite different on different branches, as it combines different app-logic (4 types as listed above) with diffent ui-layers.

For every of the 4 types we showcase the implementation with a real-world-reference-implementation (production). Theses implementations will by synced every now and then with tp-template [> See Theaterpedia home](#theaterpedia-home)

#### playgrounds
Every Layer on its own has an additional playground (as prepared by the nuxt-layers-template).
The playground shall be used for technical experimentation within the repo and does not get published.


### Branches
[explore 'Core' on Github](https://github.com/theaterpedia/theaterpedia-core)

Attention: Branch 'main' only serves as distribution-channel for common functionality and often times doesn't show very much of the functionality. To get a deeper understanding browse these branches:
- episodes > extends ['content-wind' (Sebastien Chopin)](https://github.com/Atinux/content-wind) with daisyUI
- courses > adapts ['Storefront UI' (Vuestorefront)]() to fit NGO-work in the cultural sector

These branche-names (and a couple more) are applied throughout all of our repos. Please refer to [branches](branches) to undestand the aim of each of our main branches.

:alert[Besides StorefrontUI we experiment with a DaisyUI-based strategy as well. We might choose to support only one of these strategies as we release theaterpedia 1.0 in about 1-2 years. At the moment it seams pretty clear that we will stick with a tailwindCSS-based approach]{type="warning"}



## Crearis UI
['Crearis UI' on Github](https://github.com/theaterpedia/crearis-ui)

:alert[only parts of this repo are actively maintained!!]{type="warning"}

we altered the setup from storefront-ui
- updated node from v16.15.1 to v20 (the repo was locked down to max. v17)
- partially deactivated turbo-repo because it would not allow to work outside of the @storefront-ui workspace (which is required if we want to publish on npm)
- it should run with yarn@3.6.4
- development only in these folders of the repo:
  - /packages/sfui/frameworks/vue
  - /packages/config/tailwind-crearis
  - /packages/sfui/typography-crearis

TODO: yarn dev-functionality

Working commands are
```
yarn build:crearis
yarn publish:crearis

yarn build:vue
yarn build:tailwind-config
yarn build:typography

(before publishing: Update versions)
yarn publish:vue
yarn publish:tailwind-config
yarn publish:typography
```



## Theaterpedia home
here we build several reference-implementations based on theaterpedia-core/apps/tp-template
- common changes are synced via branch main, every instance has its own deployment-branch
- the naming of the branches follows Theaterpedia-core

['Home' on Github](https://github.com/crearis/theaterpedia-home)


## Theaterpedia root
here we experiment on different integration-strategies for the whole system, build and deploy examples, code-sandboxex
- common changes are synced via branch main, major experiments have their own dev-branch
- the naming of the branches follows Theaterpedia-core

['Root' on Github](https://github.com/theaterpedia/theaterpedia-root)
